1) Application description:

    There are ‘n’ number of points in a highway out of which some points collect toll.
    Each toll has its own charging scheme according to the vehicles and whether or not they
    are a VIP user.
    If they are VIP user, 20% discount apply.
    If the vehicle passes 3 toll gates, it has to pay in all the 3 toll gates according to 
    the  scheme of respective tolls.

    There were 4 modules.

    1. Given the details of vehicle type, start and destination……display the total toll paid 
    during the journey and print the amount after applying the discount.

    2. Display the details of all the tolls…..like what are all the vehicles(vehicle number)
    passed that respective toll and the amount each vehicle paid……and the total amount
    charged in  that toll.

    3. Display the details of all the vehicles …….like what are all the journeys did it 
    take….the start and destination of the same……tolls it passed during that journey….amount
    paid in  that journey…..and the total amount paid by that vehicle.

    4. Assume the highway as a circular path……we have to find the short route and identify
    the tolls between that route and calculate the amount.


Design a Call taxi booking application
-There are n number of taxi’s. For simplicity, assume 4. But it should work for any number of taxi’s.
-The are 6 points(A,B,C,D,E,F)
-All the points are in a straight line, and each point is 15kms away from the adjacent points.
-It takes 60 mins to travel from one point to another
-Each taxi charges Rs.100 minimum for the first 5 kilometers and Rs.10 for the subsequent kilometers.
-For simplicity, time can be entered as absolute time. Eg: 9hrs, 15hrs etc.
-All taxi’s are initially stationed at A.
-When a customer books a Taxi, a free taxi at that point is allocated
-If no free taxi is available at that point, a free taxi at the nearest point is allocated.
-If two taxi’s are free at the same point, one with lower earning is allocated
-Note that the taxi only charges the customer from the pickup point to the drop point. Not the distance it travels from an adjacent point to pickup the customer.
-If no taxi is free at that time, booking is rejected
Design modules for

1)    Call taxi booking 
Input 1:b
Customer ID: 1
Pickup Point: A
Drop Point: B
Pickup Time: 9

Output 1:
Taxi can be allotted.
Taxi-1 is allotted

Input 2:
Customer ID: 2
Pickup Point: B
Drop Point: D
Pickup Time: 9

Output 1:
Taxi can be allotted.
Taxi-2 is allotted 
(Note: Since Taxi-1 would have completed its journey when second booking is done, so Taxi-2 from nearest point A which is free is allocated)

Input 3:
Customer ID: 3
Pickup Point: B
Drop Point: C
Pickup Time: 12

Output 1:
Taxi can be allotted.
Taxi-1 is allotted 
2) Display the Taxi details

Taxi No:    Total Earnings:
BookingID    CustomerID    From    To    PickupTime    DropTime    Amount
   
Output:
Taxi-1    Total Earnings: Rs. 400

1     1     A    B    9    10    200
3    3    B    C    12    13    200

Taxi-2 Total Earnings: Rs. 350
2    2    B    D    9    11    350 